The Generative Landscape
================

<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

**UPDATE: I’m taking a break from development for a while, my
apologies.** The first \~5 lessons are mostly done, I’ve removed the
unfinished ones (red in the diag below) from the outline on the left for
now.

The [Discord](https://discord.gg/vSjhr8xb4g) is a good place to go for
updates and to find people who might be keen on discussing things and
working on projects.

![](index_files/figure-gfm/cell-2-output-1.png)

Check out the [Getting Started](./00_Getting_Started.ipynb) page for an
overview of the course and more information on things like study
groups.<br>

Check out the
[Library](https://johnowhitaker.github.io/tglcourse/library.html) page
for information on the `tglcourse` library that accompanies the course.

### FAQs

Some course-related questions that have tricked in: <br> - ‘Any
prerequisites?’: If you’re comfortable with a bit of Python and using
Jupyter Notebooks you should be ready to take this course. No prior deep
learning knowledge is assumed, and although we will dive fairly deep
fairly quickly I’ve tried to link lots of resources wherever possible.
<br> - ‘How long is the course?’: There are 15 core lessons plus a
number of bonus notebooks. You can take them at whatever pace you find
enjoyable, or join in with a study group on Discord to work through one
a week.<br> - ‘Does the HuggingFace Diffusion Model Class supercede
this?’: I’ve teamed up with HF to help build their [diffusion model
class](https://github.com/huggingface/diffusion-models-class), sharing a
lot of material between it and this course. Both will have unique things
to add - I’d recommend signing up for theirs even if you’re working
through ‘The Generative Landscape’ as well, since there will be extra
projects and fun community activities to get involved in with that one
too. <br> - ‘Can genereative landscape be real?’: Yes, if you subscribe
to [David Chalmers ‘simulation
realism’](https://www.thephilosopher1923.org/post/taking-simulation-seriously)
;)<br> - ‘Will it include stable diffusion?’: Yes, see lesson 14<br> -
‘Will we learn how to adapt these method to 3d?’: At some point I’d love
to add more 3D related content - stay tuned for bonus notebooks once the
craziness of the course launch calms down.<br> - ‘I hope this includes
generating text!’: It does! Lessons 9 - 11 deal with modelling
sequences, and should set you up with everything you need to make models
which can spew out AI-generated gibberish all day long.<br> - ‘My
question isn’t in the FAQs?’: OK, so I made this one up. But if you have
a burning question, send it to me and I’ll add it here.<br>

CI status:
[![](https://github.com/johnowhitaker/tglcourse/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/johnowhitaker/tglcourse/actions/workflows/test.yaml)

Page stats: Total Hits:
[![HitCount](https://hits.dwyl.com/johnowhitaker/tglcourse.svg?style=flat-square&show=unique)](http://hits.dwyl.com/johnowhitaker/tglcourse)
Page visitors: ![visitor
badge](https://page-views.glitch.me/badge?page_id=tglcourse.index)
